HiIIIIHJIhIHiHIHIHIHIIIIII. I know u been waiting for this letter for literally years, sorry about that lmao am one lazy mf. Happy 19th birthday and happy 6 month anniversary! It's been 6 fucking months holy shit. The past 6 months have been amazing and I cant wait to spend more time and get to know u more. am super lucky to get the cutest dumbass in pes as my gf.  I enjoy talking to u a lot and I feel like I can say anything I want to u. Also also also, ur literally the most supportive person ever like wtf. u never say my hair's bad, u support my songs even tho they're mediocre at best. I really appreciate all the support you've been giving me and I hope I can support u equally in ur endeavors. I am the most goofiest and most hyperactive when am around u cuz i know u wont judge me and u prolly find it cute. Thanks for being you :) Thanks for being there for me when i sad or when i have the randomest midlife crisis for no reason. Also dw the bba uniform is shit but u still like cute in it cuz i mean its u??? Anyways sorry for delaying this letter for so long lmao. I was supposed to give it to u for ur 5 month ani but shit got in the way and ur bday was near so i thought ill give it to u for bday and 6month ani together. I hope ur not disappointed by the obnoxious writing lmao, i dont usually write letters like this. Anyways once again, thanks for existing, for dealing with me, being there for me when i need it. ur clumsiness is the cutest thing ever and ur more clumsy than me. Also its 3-2 rn and I bet it'll be 4-2 on our 6month hahahahah sike get fucked. (Writing this i realize if its 3-3 ill look like a dumbass but watever) I love you very much. happy 6 months! ly <3 